Improve logging (#21)
heremaps/here-sbt-bom: README.md

3. By creating the file `~/.sbt/.credentials` in your home directory.
4. By creating the file `~/.ivy2/.credentials` in your home directory.

### Resolving issues

> If your project packaging failed you can examine plugin debug logs using commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project packaging fails, you can examine the plugin debug logs using the following commands:
```

```shell
sbt package
sbt last
```

> This sequence of commands will print all the logs generated during packaging to the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sequence of commands will print all the logs generated during packaging to the console.
```
